today i want to talk about marketing
plan what can you do
in a very easy and constructive way
[Music]
hey this is pm dinner here i'm a b2b
marketing consultant author and the
speaker
this is a part two of the three part
series
on how to create the best marketing plan
for 2021.
if you haven't seen part one you should
definitely check that out
first if you have seen it let's get
started seven key elements of a
marketing plan
number three is do you have any specific
product launches
or any kind of services announcement
that's coming can you put that in a very
holistic view
it's very important to showcase a
summary level
of the product launches timeline and
this can be
in terms of if you are big companies
chances are you have multiple
uh launches you know the tier one launch
and then soft launch
and some of them might be just pr
releases
right or disclosures so you have to kind
of identify what they are
and put it in this format which is from
january to december
what are some of the key launches that
the management needs to be aware of
and also if you actually are working
very closely with the direct sales and
the indirect sales team
you can also identify when you will do
the training for the indirect sales
such as channel partners when are you
going to do a road show
when are you going to do events to
somehow um
promote and amplify
your product messages does that make
sense so this is kind of like high level
and it does require you to talk to your
product team
talk to your business units talk to your
sales talk to a different marketing
peers to put this specific slide
together
it is it is work so the benefit of a
product timeline you put it in this
format
it will help the senior management
understand
holistically right the whole year
what are some of the key focuses and
also the product launches that you are
going to pay attention to
and you allocate the budget and the
resources to make it happen
by looking at this they can provide some
feedback in terms of
okay for this specific product launches
maybe that should not be our focus we
should focus on something else
or you know for this soft launches we
need to dial up or whatnot
or should we move this product launches
like closer to our earning
announcements does that make sense so
it's a conversation that needs to happen
with your management this can be
something that you need to put together
like i said it's a lot of work
put together and then use this to guide
and share
with everybody and have this kind of
high level timeline
can rally everybody to move everyone
toward the same directions
so this will be everybody's key focus
again
this is kind of like a supporting
document of a previous slide
now you put this in kind of like a table
format right
in the previous slide is a summary level
and this one you provide a little bit
more details in terms of the
the name of the launches the objectives
that you want to accomplish
and also what are something new that you
are doing or some of the challenges
that management needs to be aware of
that help you to overcome or give your
budget to actually solve that
so i talked about three elements already
the two pager
the persona and also the very high level
uh product launch timeline that you
should use to rally everybody
number four is the messaging framework
it's basically what you can say about
your product
this is a messaging template i created
it has provide huge amount of help for
all my clients
especially on b2b side i know that on
the messaging there's a lot of
templates and methodologies out there
really talking about storytelling
and i think the storytelling part of it
is very very critical
but this is more in terms of hey i put
everything
you know in the format to actually drive
the conversation with my management
right so you started with your products
what is your value proposition
and the target audience right and to tie
that to
a three customer challenges what are
some of the customer challenges
that your customers encounter
then you identify the features the
product features
that can solve the customer challenges
preferably
very specific features of your product
that
will actually connect or tied to the
customer challenge
then you translate the features to a
specific user benefits
right you can basically say luminex i'm
talking about the camera right now
you know r85 have this feature a 4k
uh amplification then you can talk about
and let's assume that's your feature
then you can talk about what is the user
benefit of using
that specific product feature say you
know recording the video
uh using 4k right then
the next thing is features uh benefits
and then keywords what are some of the
keywords
that you need to capture as a part of
the messaging framework
and that information is super critical
for content marketers
once they get this messaging frameworks
they go uh-huh uh-huh understand those
are customer challenges i get it i get
it
okay those are the features that tie and
connected and can address the customer
challenges
all right i got that too and here's the
user benefit oh
these are the keywords i can use
so you are helping the content marketers
by providing that additional
information i would suggest that you
check
my messaging framework videos to get
additional insights
you just watch the third elements and
the fourth
elements of making the best marketing
plan for
2021 so which step do you think is most
helpful
the high level launch plan timeline type
of template
or the messaging framework let me know
so stick around
to watch the part 3 of the series that
will be the last part
if you like this video please click like
subscribe
and click on the notification bell so
you will get
more videos from me in the future i hope
to see you around take care
bye
[Music]